here's the skills an agent would need to
know to use all best practices. And I
thought to myself, this is exactly what
architects should be doing. The reason
you have an architect on your team is to
sit down and say, I know the best way to
build pro programming in code because of
all my years of experience. When I do
code reviews, I don't actually write the
code. I'm just going to review what
everyone else wrote. Hey, you're using a
null pointer or whatever over here or
you're doing this function that's
irrelevant. Hey, you're using a data
type of any. We don't like that. That's
not what we do here, right? So it's able
to pick up and so this is one of the
reasons why agents are so helpful is you
can give it the instructions and it
understands how to read the code at
volume and within minutes you're getting
a code review as opposed to hours of
someone else actually physically looking
at it and they may not even catch
everything. Mhm.
>> So to me, this this whole skills area is
like really interesting
>> and I'm taking some lessons learned
from, you know, um, Open Claw and trying
to incorporate that into like how I
actually use agents today.